DOC: Improving accessibility of confounds description (#1877)
poldracklab/fmriprep: docs/outputs.rst

     the same-subject's T1w space or into MNI space.

>   3. **Additional data for subsequent analysis**, for instance the transformations

Reviewer: Not a big deal, but I expected these three classes to match up their own section below. Maybe highlights the confounds more than the transforms (since those are covered under "derivatives" which in my head matches up with #2 more.

     between different spaces or the estimated confounds_.

*fMRIPrep* outputs conform to the :abbr:`BIDS (brain imaging data structure)`
Derivatives specification (see `BIDS Derivatives RC1`_).

> Visual Reports

Reviewer: This section is almost too short, and doesn't provide that much information. Maybe a short overview/guide of how to review the reports would be useful?

Reviewer 2: #1831

Each report is self contained and thus can be easily shared with collaborators (for example via email).
`View a sample report. <_static/sample_report.html>`_

Derivatives of *fMRIPrep* (preprocessed data)
---------------------------------------------
Preprocessed, or derivative, data are written to
``<output dir>/fmriprep/sub-<subject_label>/``.
The `BIDS Derivatives RC1`_ specification describes the naming and metadata conventions we follow.

Anatomical derivatives are placed in each subject's ``anat`` subfolder:
::

  sub-<subject_label>/
    anat/
      sub-<subject_label>[_space-<space_label>]_desc-preproc_T1w.nii.gz
      sub-<subject_label>[_space-<space_label>]_desc-brain_mask.nii.gz
      sub-<subject_label>[_space-<space_label>]_dseg.nii.gz
      sub-<subject_label>[_space-<space_label>]_label-CSF_probseg.nii.gz
      sub-<subject_label>[_space-<space_label>]_label-GM_probseg.nii.gz
      sub-<subject_label>[_space-<space_label>]_label-WM_probseg.nii.gz

Spatially-standardized derivatives are denoted with a space label,
such as ``MNI152NLin2009cAsym``, while derivatives in
the original ``T1w`` space omit the ``space-`` keyword.

> Additionally, the following transforms are saved:

Reviewer 3: Double-colons follow the [rules](https://documentation.help/Sphinx/rest.html#source-code):

> * If it occurs as a paragraph of its own, that paragraph is completely left out of the document.
> * If it is preceded by whitespace, the marker is removed.
> * If it is preceded by non-whitespace, the marker is replaced by a single colon.

```suggestion
Additionally, the following transforms are saved::
```

> ::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

  sub-<subject_label>/
    anat/
      sub-<subject_label>_from-MNI152NLin2009cAsym_to-T1w_mode-image_xfm.h5
      sub-<subject_label>_from-T1w_to-MNI152NLin2009cAsym_mode-image_xfm.h5

> If FreeSurfer reconstructions are used, the following surface files are generated:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If FreeSurfer reconstructions are used, the following surface files are generated::
```

> ::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

  sub-<subject_label>/
    anat/
      sub-<subject_label>_hemi-[LR]_smoothwm.surf.gii
      sub-<subject_label>_hemi-[LR]_pial.surf.gii
      sub-<subject_label>_hemi-[LR]_midthickness.surf.gii
      sub-<subject_label>_hemi-[LR]_inflated.surf.gii

And the affine translation (and inverse) between the original T1w sampling and FreeSurfer's

> conformed space for surface reconstruction (``fsnative``) is stored in:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
conformed space for surface reconstruction (``fsnative``) is stored in::
```

> ::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

  sub-<subject_label>/
    anat/
      sub-<subject_label>_from-fsnative_to-T1w_mode-image_xfm.txt
      sub-<subject_label>_from-T1w_to-fsnative_mode-image_xfm.txt

Functional derivatives are stored in the ``func/`` subfolder.
All derivatives contain ``task-<task_label>`` (mandatory) and ``run-<run_index>`` (optional), and

> these will be indicated with ``[specifiers]``.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
these will be indicated with ``[specifiers]``::
```

> ::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

  sub-<subject_label>/
    func/
      sub-<subject_label>_[specifiers]_space-<space_label>_boldref.nii.gz
      sub-<subject_label>_[specifiers]_space-<space_label>_desc-brain_mask.nii.gz
      sub-<subject_label>_[specifiers]_space-<space_label>_desc-preproc_bold.nii.gz

Volumetric output spaces include ``T1w`` and ``MNI152NLin2009cAsym`` (default).

For each :abbr:`BOLD (blood-oxygen level dependent)` run processed with *fMRIPrep*, an
accompanying *confounds* file will be generated.

> Confounds_ are saved as a :abbr:`TSV (tab-separated value)` file:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Confounds_ are saved as a :abbr:`TSV (tab-separated value)` file::
```

> ::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

  sub-<subject_label>/
    func/
      sub-<subject_label>_[specifiers]_desc-confounds_regressors.tsv
      sub-<subject_label>_[specifiers]_desc-confounds_regressors.json

These :abbr:`TSV (tab-separated values)` tables look like the example below,
where each row of the file corresponds to one time point found in the

> corresponding :abbr:`BOLD (blood-oxygen level dependent)` time series.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
corresponding :abbr:`BOLD (blood-oxygen level dependent)` time series. ::
```

> ::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

  669.14166 0.0 489.4421  1.168398  17.575331 0.07211929999999998 -0.4506846719 0.1191909139  -0.0945884724 0.1542023065  -0.2302324641 0.0838194238  -0.032426848599999995 0.4284323184  -0.5809158299 0.1382414008  -0.1203486637 0.3783661265  0.0 0.0 0.0207752 0.0463124 -0.000270924  -0.0  0.0 -2.402958171  -0.7574011893
  665.3969  0.0 488.03  1.085204  16.323903999999995  0.0348966 0.010819676200000001  0.0651895837  -0.09556632150000001  -0.033148835  -0.4768871111 0.20641088559999998 0.2818768463  0.4303863764  0.41323714850000004 -0.2115232212 -0.0037154909000000004  0.10636180070000001 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0457372 0.0 -0.0  0.0 -1.341359143  0.1636017242
  662.82715 0.0 487.37302 1.01591 15.281561 0.0333937 0.3328022893  -0.2220965269 -0.0912891436 0.2326688125  0.279138129 -0.111878887  0.16901660629999998 0.0550480212  0.1798747037  -0.25383302620000003  0.1646403629  0.3953613889  0.0 0.010164  -0.0103568  0.0424513 0.0 -0.0  0.00019174  -0.1554834655 0.6451987913

If FreeSurfer reconstructions are used, the ``(aparc+)aseg`` segmentations are aligned to the
subject's T1w space and resampled to the BOLD grid, and the BOLD series are resampled to the

> midthickness surface mesh:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
midthickness surface mesh::
```

> ::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

  sub-<subject_label>/
    func/
      sub-<subject_label>_[specifiers]_space-T1w_desc-aparcaseg_dseg.nii.gz
      sub-<subject_label>_[specifiers]_space-T1w_desc-aseg_dseg.nii.gz
      sub-<subject_label>_[specifiers]_space-<space_label>_hemi-[LR].func.gii

Surface output spaces include ``fsnative`` (full density subject-specific mesh),
``fsaverage`` and the down-sampled meshes ``fsaverage6`` (41k vertices) and
``fsaverage5`` (10k vertices, default).

If CIFTI outputs are requested (with the ``--cifti-outputs`` argument),

> the BOLD series are also saved as ``dtseries.nii`` CIFTI2 files:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
the BOLD series are also saved as ``dtseries.nii`` CIFTI2 files::
```

> ::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

  sub-<subject_label>/
    func/
      sub-<subject_label>_[specifiers]_bold.dtseries.nii

CIFTI is a container format that holds both volumetric (regularly sampled in a grid)
and surface (sampled on a triangular mesh) samples.
Sub-cortical time series are volumetric (supported spaces: ``MNI152NLin2009cAsym``), while cortical
time series are sampled on the surface (supported spaces: ``fsaverage5``, ``fsaverage6``)

Finally, if ICA-AROMA is used, the MELODIC mixing matrix and the components classified as noise

> are saved:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
are saved::
```

> ::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

  sub-<subject_label>/
    func/
      sub-<subject_label>_[specifiers]_AROMAnoiseICs.csv
      sub-<subject_label>_[specifiers]_desc-MELODIC_mixing.tsv

.. _fsderivs:

FreeSurfer Derivatives
----------------------

> A FreeSurfer subjects directory is created in ``<output_dir>/freesurfer``.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A FreeSurfer subjects directory is created in ``<output_dir>/freesurfer``. ::
```

> ::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

Such non-neuronal fluctuations may drive spurious results in fMRI data analysis,
including standard activation :abbr:`GLM (General Linear Model)` and functional connectivity analyses.
It is possible to minimize confounding effects of non-neuronal signals by including them as nuisance regressors
in the :abbr:`GLM (General Linear Model)` design matrix or regressing them out from
the fMRI data - a procedure known as *denoising*.
There is currently no consensus on an optimal denoising strategy in the fMRI community.
Rather, different strategies have been proposed, which achieve different compromises between
how much of the non-neuronal fluctuations are effectively removed, and how much of neuronal fluctuations
are damaged in the process.
The *fMRIPrep* pipeline generates a large array of possible confounds.
Note, *fMRIPrep* does not perform any denoising itself and it is up to the user to perform this step.

The most well established confounding variables in neuroimaging are the six head motion parameters
(three rotations and three translations) - the common output of the head motion correction
(also known as *realignment*) of popular fMRI preprocessing software
such as SPM_ or FSL_.

> One of the biggest advantages of *fMRIPrep* is the automatic calculation of multiple potential confounding variables

Reviewer 3: This feels redundant after `The *fMRIPrep* pipeline generates a large array of possible confounds.` Further, the sequence structure feels abrupt. What if we ended the preceding paragraph with "damaged in the process." and rewrote this one:

> The most well established confounding variables in neuroimaging are the six head motion parameters (three rotations and three translations) - the common output of the head motion correction (also known as *realignment*) of popular fMRI preprocessing software such as SPM_ or FSL_.
> Beyond the standard head motion parameters, the *fMRIPrep* pipeline generates a large array of possible confounds, which enable researchers to choose the most suitable denoising strategy for their analyses.
> *fMRIPrep* **does not** perform any denoising itself.

This is mutually exclusive with my previous suggestion.

Parameter expansion of basic confounds
======================================
Only accounting for the standard six motion parameters may not be sufficient to remove all variance related to
head motion from the fMRI signal.
Thus, Friston et al. [Friston1996]_ and Satterthwaite et al. [Satterthwaite2013]_
proposed *24-motion-parameter* expansion, with a goal of removing from fMRI signal as much of the motion-related
variance as possible.
To make this technique more accessible, *fMRIPrep* automaticaly calculates motion parameter
expansion [Satterthwaite2013]_, providing timeseries corresponding to first *temporal derivatives* of six motion
parameters, together with their *quadratic terms*, resulting in the total 24 head motion parameters
(6 standard motion parameters + 6 temporal derivatives of six motion parameters + 12 quadratic terms of 6 motion
parameters and their 6 temporal derivatives).
Additionally, *fMRIPrep* returns temporal derivatives and quadratic terms for the ``csf``, ``white_matter``
and ``global_signal`` to enable applying 36-parameter denoising strategy
proposed by Satterthwaite et al. [Satterthwaite2013]_.

> Derivatives and quadratic terms are stored under column names with suffixes: ``_derivative1`` and powers ``_power2``.

Reviewer 3: We should probably note that these are not BIDS-Derivatives-Draft conformant and subject to change in future versions.

These were calculated for head motion estimates (``trans_`` and ``rot_``) and compartment signals
(``white_matter``, ``csf``, and ``global_signal``).

Confounds for outlier detection
===============================

- ``framewise_displacement`` - is a quantification of the estimated bulk-head motion calculated using
  formula proposed by [Power2012]_;
- ``dvars`` - the derivative of RMS variance over voxels (or :abbr:`DVARS (derivative of
  RMS variance over voxels)`) [Power2012]_;
- ``std_dvars`` - standardized :abbr:`DVARS (derivative of RMS variance over voxels)`;
- ``non_steady_state_outlier_XX`` - columns indicate non-steady state volumes with a single
  ``1`` value and ``0`` elsewhere (*i.e.*, there is one ``non_steady_state_outlier_XX`` column per
  outlier/volume).

> All these confounds can be used to detect potential outlier time points - frames with high motion or spikes.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
All these confounds can be used to detect potential outlier time points - frames with high motion or intensity spikes.
```

Detected outliers can be further removed from time series using methods such as: volume *censoring* - entirely
discarding problematic time points [Power2012]_, regressing signal from outlier points in denoising procedure,
or including outlier points in the subsequent first-level analysis when building the design matrix.
Averaged value of confound (for example, mean ``framewise_displacement``)
can be added as a regressor in group level analysis [Yan2013]_.

*Spike regressors* for outlier censoring can also be generated from within *fMRIPrep* using
the command line options ``--fd-spike-threshold`` and ``--dvars-spike-threshold``
(default: FD > 0.5 mm or DVARS > 1.5). Spike regressors are stored in separate ``motion_outlier_XX``
columns.

ICA-AROMA confounds
===================

- ``aroma_motion_XX`` - the motion-related components identified by :abbr:`ICA (independent components analysis)`
  -:abbr:`AROMA (Automatic Removal Of Motion Artifacts)` (if enabled with a flag ``--use-aroma``) .

.. warning::
    If you are already using ICA-AROMA cleaned data (``~desc-smoothAROMAnonaggr_bold.nii.gz``),

>     do not include ICA-AROMA confounds during your design specification or denoising procedure.

Reviewer 3: Should we note that, because all other confounds were calculated pre-AROMA-denoising, the additional application of these to a AROMA-cleaned dataset is dubious?

Reviewer 2: Yes

CompCor confounds
=================
:abbr:`CompCor (Component Based Noise Correction)` is a component-based noise correlation method.
In the method, principal components are calculated within an :abbr:`ROI (Region of Interest)`
that is unlikely to include signal related to neuronal activity, such as :abbr:`CSF (cerebro-spinal fluid)`
and :abbr:`WM (white matter)` masks.
Signals extracted from CompCor components can be further regressed out from the fMRI data with a
denoising procedure [Behzadi2007]_.

- ``a_comp_cor_XX`` - additional noise components are calculated using anatomical :abbr:`CompCor
  (Component Based Noise Correction)`;
- ``t_comp_cor_XX`` - additional noise components are calculated using temporal :abbr:`CompCor
  (Component Based Noise Correction)`.

Four separate CompCor decompositions are performed to compute noise components: one temporal
decomposition (``t_comp_cor_XX``) and three anatomical decompositions (``a_comp_cor_XX``) across
three different noise ROIs: an eroded white matter mask, an eroded CSF mask, and a combined mask derived

> from the union of these.

Reviewer 3: We need to mention that CompCor is performed on the time series with non-steady-state volumes discarded and detrended with a high-pass filter (cosine basis, 128s cutoff). Therefore, in order to use these confounds, non-steady-state and cosine regressors MUST be included.

.. warning::
    Only a subset of these CompCor decompositions should be used for further denoising.
    The original Behzadi aCompCor implementation [Behzadi2007]_ can be applied using
    components from the combined masks, while the more recent Muschelli implementation
    [Muschelli2014]_ can be applied using
    the :abbr:`WM (white matter)` and :abbr:`CSF (cerebro-spinal fluid)` masks. To determine the provenance
    of each component, consult the metadata file (see below).

Each confounds data file will also have a corresponding metadata file (``~desc-confounds_regressors.json``).
Metadata files contain additional information about columns in the confounds TSV file:

.. code-block:: json

    {
      "a_comp_cor_00": {
        "CumulativeVarianceExplained": 0.1081970825,
        "Mask": "combined",
        "Method": "aCompCor",
        "Retained": true,
        "SingularValue": 25.8270209974,
        "VarianceExplained": 0.1081970825
      },

>       "dropped_0": {

Reviewer 3: This seems weird. What's the use case?

Reviewer 2: Paging @rciric

Non-neuronal fluctuations in fMRI data may appear as a result of head motion, scanner noise,
or physiological fluctuations (related to cardiac or respiratory effects).
For a detailed review of the possible sources of noise in the BOLD signal, refer to [Greve2013]_.

*Confounds* (or nuisance regressors) are variables representing fluctuations with a potential non-neuronal origin.
Such non-neuronal fluctuations may drive spurious results in fMRI data analysis,
including standard activation :abbr:`GLM (General Linear Model)` and functional connectivity analyses.
It is possible to minimize confounding effects of non-neuronal signals by including them as nuisance regressors
in the :abbr:`GLM (General Linear Model)` design matrix or regressing them out from
the fMRI data - a procedure known as *denoising*.
There is currently no consensus on an optimal denoising strategy in the fMRI community.
Rather, different strategies have been proposed, which achieve different compromises between
how much of the non-neuronal fluctuations are effectively removed, and how much of neuronal fluctuations
are damaged in the process.

> The *fMRIPrep* pipeline generates a large array of possible confounds.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The *fMRIPrep* pipeline generates a large array of possible confounds.
Note, *fMRIPrep* does not perform any denoising itself and it is up to the user to perform this step.
```
My thinking is this should be explictly stated. Not sure if this is the best formulation. But a suggestion

> The best known confounding variables in neuroimaging are the six head motion parameters

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The most well established confounding variables in neuroimaging are the six head motion parameters
```
My reasoning: I think some people know FramewiseDisplacement better than these 6 variables now. But I don't feel too strongly about this.

(three rotations and three translations) - the common output of the head motion correction
(also known as *realignment*) of popular fMRI preprocessing software
such as SPM_ or FSL_.
One of the biggest advantages of *fMRIPrep* is the automatic calculation of multiple potential confounding variables

> beyond standard head motion parameters.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
beyond the standard head motion parameters.
```

Confounds
---------

The :abbr:`BOLD (blood-oxygen level dependent)` signal measured with fMRI is a mixture of fluctuations

> of both neuronal and non-neuronal origin. Neuronal signals are measured indirectly as changes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
of both neuronal and non-neuronal origin.
Neuronal signals are measured indirectly as changes
```

Please start new sentences in a new line - that helps a lot when looking at future documentation change diffs.

Please modify further instances accordingly, thanks!

Author: Thanks! Done.

in the local concentration of oxygenated hemoglobin. Non-neuronal fluctuations in fMRI data
may appear as a result of head motion, scanner noise, or physiological fluctuations

> (related to cardiac or respiratory effects) (see Greve et al. [Greve2013]_ for detailed review of the possible

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
(related to cardiac or respiratory effects).
For a detailed review of the possible sources of noise in the BOLD signal, refer to [Greve2013]_.
```

Author: Done!

> sources of noise in fMRI signal).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> *Confounds* (or nuisance regressors) are variables representing potential fluctuations

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Confounds* (or nuisance regressors) are variables representing fluctuations
```

Author: Done!

> of non-neuronal origin. Such non-neuronal fluctuations may drive spurious results in fMRI data analysis,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
with a potential non-neuronal origin.
Such non-neuronal fluctuations may drive spurious results in fMRI data analysis,
```

Author: Done!

> including standard activation :abbr:`GLM (General Linear Model` and functional connectivity analyses.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
including standard activation :abbr:`GLM (General Linear Model)` and functional connectivity analyses.
```

It is possible to minimize confounding effects of non-neuronal signals by including them as nuisance regressors

> in the :abbr:`GLM (General Linear Model` design matrix or regressing them out from

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
in the :abbr:`GLM (General Linear Model)` design matrix or regressing them out from
```

the fMRI data - a procedure known as *denoising*.
There is currently no consensus on an optimal denoising strategy in the fMRI community.

> Rather, different strategies have been proposed, which achieve different levels of trade-off between

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Rather, different strategies have been proposed, which achieve different compromises between
```

how much of the non-neuronal fluctuations are effectively removed, and how much of neuronal fluctuations

> are damaged in the process. The fMRIprep pipeline generates a large array of possible confounds.

Reviewer 2: Capitalization of fMRIPrep and style (it should be written with italics).
```suggestion
are damaged in the process.
The *fMRIPrep* pipeline generates a large array of possible confounds.
```

Author: Done!

The best known confounding variables in neuroimaging are the six head motion parameters
(three rotations and three translations) - the common output of the head motion correction
(also known as *realignment*) of popular fMRI preprocessing software

> such as `SPM <https://www.fil.ion.ucl.ac.uk/spm/software/spm12/>`_

Reviewer 2: Could you move the link to ``links.rst`` and reference like:

```suggestion
such as SPM_
```

Author: Done!

> or `FSL <https://fsl.fmrib.ox.ac.uk/fsl/fslwiki>`_. One of the biggest advantages of fMRPrep

Reviewer 2: FSL link is already in ``links.rst``, so it can be used by reference:
```suggestion
or FSL_.
One of the biggest advantages of *fMRIPrep*
```
Also: added newline, fixed style, and a typo in fMRIPrep.

Author: Done!

is the automatic calculation of multiple potential confounding variables beyond standard head motion parameters.

Confounding variables calculated in fMRIPrep are stored separately for each subject,

> session and run in `TSV (tab-separated value)` files - one column for each confound variable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
session and run in :abbr:`TSV (tab-separated value)` files - one column for each confound variable.
```

> corresponding :abbr:`BOLD (blood-oxygen level dependent)` time-series

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
corresponding :abbr:`BOLD (blood-oxygen level dependent)` time series
```

(stored in ``<output_folder>/fmriprep/sub-<sub_id>/func/sub-<sub_id>_task-<task_id>_run-<run_id>_desc-preproc_bold.nii.gz``).

Confound regressors description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Basic confouds
==================

- ``trans_x``, ``trans_y``, ``trans_z``, ``rot_x``, ``rot_y``, ``rot_z`` - the 6 rigid-body motion
  parameters (3 translations and 3 rotation) estimated relative to a reference image;

- ``csf`` - the average signal within anatomically-derived eroded :abbr:`CSF (cerebro-spinal fluid)` mask;

- ``white_matter`` - the average signal within  the anatomically-derived eroded :abbr:`WM (white matter)` masks;

- ``global_signal`` -  the average signal within the brain mask.

Parameter expansion of basic confounds
=====================

> Regressing out the standard six motion parameters may not be sufficient to remove all variance related to head motion

Reviewer 4: I associate the term "Regressing out" more with denoising. But this applies to both GLM and denoising right? I've tried to make it more neutral: 
```suggestion
Only accounting for the standard six motion parameters may not be sufficient to remove all variance related to head motion
```

Additionally, *fMRIPrep* returns temporal derivatives and quadratic terms for the ``csf``, ``white_matter``
and ``global_signal`` to enable applying 36-parameter denoising strategy
proposed by Satterthwaite et al. ([Satterthwaite2013]_).

Derivatives and quadratic terms are stored under column names with suffixes: ``_derivative1`` and powers ``_power2``.
These were calculated for head motion estimates (``trans_`` and ``rot_``) and compartment signals
(``white_matter``, ``csf``, and ``global_signal``).

Confounds for outlier detection
======================================

- ``framewise_displacement`` - is a quantification of the estimated bulk-head motion calculated using
  formula proposed by Power et al. ([Power2012]_);
- ``dvars`` - the derivative of RMS variance over voxels (or :abbr:`DVARS`)([Power2012]_)
- ``std_dvars`` - standardized DVARS;
- ``non_steady_state_outlier_XX`` - columns indicate non-steady state volumes with a single
  ``1`` value and ``0`` elsewhere (*i.e.*, there is one ``non_steady_state_outlier_XX`` column per
  outlier/volume).

All these confounds can be used to detect potential outlier time points - frames with high motion or spikes.

> Detected outliers can be further removed from time-series using methods such as: volume *censoring* - entirely

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Detected outliers can be further removed from time series using methods such as: volume *censoring* - entirely
```
Both "time-series and "time series" are used elsewhere. I think "time series" is preferred by many. My suggestions are for "time series" but I think it should just be consistent.

> Confounds and "carpet"-plot on the visual reports

Reviewer: This seems like it should maybe be a sub-heading under "confounds"? Just doesn't seem quite on the same level as the other 3 headers.
